Up until now we deployed several lambda functions to AWOS we first deployed a python Lamda and then
we've gone to a node just Lamda and deployed that and after that we created and deployed a Javal and
a function.
But how about invoking those functions and getting a response from A W-S.
So it is very easy to do so.
It lets us learn how we can do that right now for that purpose.
I'm just going to go down under my D-plus function and from there I'll define my method and say invoke
where the function.
And within this method I'm just going to pass in the function name and in this method all I have to
do is return a lambda client then invoke and I have to pass in the function name as a parameter.
So I'll just passed in the function name and that's basically all you have to do to invoke a function
on a day with us.
So let's go down here and call our method.
And for that purpose I'm going to use my Python lambda and as you can see it is something like this.
So we're going to have to see the 300 status code and message as the hello from Python lambda function.
So let's just get this response from AWOS.
So now what I have to do is I have to get a response from a AWOS in a variable.
So I'll use response equals invoke lambda function.
And for the function name I use Java lambda name not that.
So I want the python file Python lambda to be executed.
So I'll just pass in Python lambda name just like that.
So to read the response properly from a WS we're going to have to do a couple of things.
We can't just read this response from a WS because it is formatted in a bottle core away.
So we're going to have to decode the response from a because it is isn't again bytes format with the
binary format of a core library.
So to do that I have to basically get the response and response object's payload payload is basically
the response data from a US apart from the meta data and the headers of the response from AWOS payload
is the part that we're interested in.
Because again it is including the response that we need from our function.
So with the payload we're going to have to read this payload and after reading this it is not enough.
We're going to have to decode it so that we can read it with as a plain text.
In this case so to actually get the output within our console.
I'm going to wrap this around with a print statement and here we go.
So I can just go up here and comment this line out our previous deployed function call and now I can
basically call and see it in action.
So let's just go and hit run.
And here we go.
As you can see we could see the status quo.
Two hundred.
And the message as Hello from Python lambda function just as we were expecting with our o them the function
of Pi.
And as you can see here.
So we could basically invoke our Python lambda function within our Python code again.
And as you can see invoking a lambda function is quite straightforward and quite easy.
All you have to do is pass it in the function name.
And if you're in the correct region then you can basically and easily invoke the Alem the function that
you're interested in.